[newrelic-logging] Add fluent-bit persistence modes (#1259)
newrelic/helm-charts: charts/newrelic-logging/README.md

| `fluentBit.k8sLoggingExclude`                                | Set to "On" to allow excluding pods by adding the annotation `fluentbit.io/exclude: "true"` to pods you wish to exclude.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `Off`                                                                           |
| `fluentBit.additionalEnvVariables`                           | Additional environmental variables for fluentbit pods                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `[]]`                                                                           |

> | `fluentBit.persistence.mode`                                 | The persistence mode you want to use, options are "hostPath", "persistentVolume" or "none"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | hostPath                                                                        |

Author: Will do

| `dnsConfig`                                                  | [DNS configuration](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/dns-pod-service/#pod-dns-config) that will be added to the pods. Can be configured also with `global.dnsConfig`.                                                                                                                                                                                         | `{}`                                                                            |
| `fluentBit.criEnabled`                                       | We assume that `kubelet`directly communicates with the container engine using the [CRI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#container-runtime) specification. Set this to `false` if your K8s installation uses [dockershim](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) instead, in order to get the logs properly parsed. | `true`                                                                          |

### Fluent Bit persistence modes

> Fluent Bit uses a database file to keep track of tailed and sent log lines from files, this database file is by default stored on the node using a `hostPath` mount. It's specifically stored (by default) on `/var/log/flb_kube.db` to keep things simple, as we're already mounting `/var` for accessing container logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent Bit uses a database file to keep track of log lines read from files (offsets). This database file is stored in the host node by default, using a `hostPath` mount. It's specifically stored (by default) in `/var/log/flb_kube.db` to keep things simple, as we're already mounting `/var` for accessing container logs.
```

> Sometimes the security constraints of some clusters doesn't allow to mount hostPath in read-write mode, that's why you can chose among the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the security constraints of some clusters don't allow mounting `hostPath`s in read-write mode. That's why you can chose among the following
```

> persistence modes. Each one have their pros and cons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
persistence modes. Each one has their pros and cons.
```

> - `hostPath` (default) will use hostPath mount to store the db file on the node disk, the easier an most reliable, but prohibited by some security policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hostPath` (default) will use a `hostPath` mount to store the DB file on the node disk. This is the easiest, cheapest an most reliable option, but prohibited by some cloud vendor security policies.
```

> - `none` will disable the fluent-bit db file, this could cause log duplication or data loss in case fluent-bit gets restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `none` will disable the Fluent Bit DB file. This can cause log duplication or data loss in case Fluent Bit gets restarted.
```

> - `persistentVolume` (linux only) will use a ReadWriteMany persistent volume to store the db file. This will override `fluentBit.db` path and use `/db/${NODE_NAME}-fb.db` file instead. If you use this option in a windows cluster it will default to none on windows nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `persistentVolume` (Linux only) will use a `ReadWriteMany` persistent volume to store the DB file. This will override the `fluentBit.db` path and use `/db/${NODE_NAME}-fb.db` instead. If you use this option in a Windows cluster it will default to `none` on Windows nodes.
```

#### GKE Autopilot example

> If you're using the persistentVolume persistence mode you need to provide at least the storageClass, and it should be ReadWriteMany. This is an example of the configuration for persistence in GKE Autopilot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the `persistentVolume` persistence mode you need to provide at least the `storageClass`, and it should be `ReadWriteMany`. This is an example of the configuration for persistence in [GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview).
```
